Welcome to chess! Every move, enter a valid move in algebraic chess notation to continue the game.
Note that you must use uppercase letters for pieces (NBRKQ) and lowercase for pawns, and include a lowercase "x" in case of captures.
You do not need to include "+" or "#" for check and checkmate.

The rules:

Pieces
Pawn - Can usually move one square, but can also choose to move two on the first move. Takes diagonally.
Knight - Moves in an L-shape, can jump over pieces on its path.
Bishop - Can move as many squares as it wants diagonally (not over pieces).
Rook - Can move as many squares as it wants vertically and horizontally (not over pieces).
Queen - Can move as many squares as it wants diagonally, vertically and horizontally (not over pieces).
King - Can move one square diagonally, vertically and horizontally in any direction.

Board
The board is 8*8, 64 squares in total. Pieces are naturally confined to the board.

Normal moves
Normal moves are inputted in standard algebraic chess notation, although note that symbols for check and checkmate ("+" and "#" respectively)
do not need to be included. When a piece is capturing on a square, "x" must be included. For pawns, the column of the pawn is included, and
for other pieces, a capital letter signifying the piece type (N=Knight, B=Bishop, R=Rook, Q=Queen, K=King) is included.
For instance:
White pawn on a4 moves forward one space: input = a5
Black pawn on e6 captures on d5: input = exd5
White bishop on f1 captures on c4: input = Bxc4
Black king moves to e7: input = Ke7

Special moves (Currently not implemented)
The these include en passant, castling (kingside and queenside) and
"double" moves (moves where two of the same kind of piece can move to a square).

En passant notation = To be decided (exf4e.p. or just exf4?)
Castling notation = Kingside: 0-0, Queenside: 0-0-0
"Double" moves notation = If both the white knight on c3 and on and on g1 can move to e2: Nge2 / Nce2
If both the black rook on a6 and the black rook on a3 can capture a piece on a4: R6xa34 / R3xa4


Winning
The game is won by checkmate. Checkmate is defined as the king being in check with no possible ways to
escape checking, meaning the king is unable to move to a safe square, the piece delivering check cannot be captured,
and the attack of the piece delivering the check cannot be blocked by another piece.

Drawing
The game is drawn by stalemate, which is when a player has no legal moves without walking the king into a square
controlled by an opposing piece. As of now, there are no plans to incorporate the 50-move rule and draws by three-fold repetition.
